over two years ago I was watching the
movie secret life of walter mitty with
my friends and after the movie i was so
inspired and the main thing that came
out of it was I have to go to Iceland I
saved up lots of money and in May 2015 I
went to Iceland with my friend Chelsea
[Music]
I've made a ton of videos of the trip
and they're all kind of scattered around
my youtube channel but I still loose it
I get a lot of questions about Iceland
where did I go what did I do
so I wanted to combine all of my blogs
into one mega Iceland video and I'm
going to leave all of the details in the
description below if you still have
questions about it and also this was
during a time that I was really making a
lot of travel videos and I was finally
getting comfortable with vlogging so if
you're a PC fan and you've been watching
for a little bit it might be interesting
to see what I was like two years ago how
was I blogging two years ago I think
somewhat similar but without further
adieu from May 2015
here is the Iceland blog so it's about
almost 11 o'clock the night early for
Iceland and of course I just decided to
start packing so I have stuff like
everywhere I'm trying to decide what
cameras Jeff to bring there's not a
cruiser what bags to put stuff and let's
hope I get out the door on time tonight
[Music]
[Applause]
Cebu we're staying for our first two
days as I cook coulis Airbnb is
supervisee
[Music]
we literally slept almost the entire day
- here it is ok one we were just
checking out the little tower thing and
rode around now so - so we're exploring
[Music]
guys look at these poor people they're
on bikes and they're showing the pike up
all the Iceland mountain hill 'no no
thank you
get a jeep guys come on see what's that
cheap life for hiking out there
[Applause]
[Music]
here at the top saying completely out of
breath
like a vehicle
[Music]
however is
okay so it's 9:44 p.m. and it's
completely light outside like not dark
at all like this it's not crazy I know
I'm probably gonna get this question so
if you're a camera dork I'm going to
tell y'all about the cameras I'm using
on this trip to Iceland so the camera
I'm using right now is a Sony rx100 Mark
3 it's a great point and shoot camera
Blackmagic pocket Cinema Camera I'm
keeping this cannon to 1635 lens on it
I'm trying a new thing I'm trying to
shoot like completely raw which will be
fun because that's a completely
different workflow instead of fro res
and then full pictures and I'm using my
can 5d leaving the 35 millimeter on it
from us part but I also have the 50
millimeter 1.2 and the 70 to 200 f4 is
that I occasionally throw on this is
what I use for all my grams Alma
instagrams hashtag iPhone we are leaving
stop one a bunch of yeah hey Mike on to
speaking somewhere take a show maybe
somewhere whoo beautiful city
my
[Music]
[Applause]
little stop this freaking desert girl I
think you need to jacket so cold right
now right guys okay do it for the gram
I'm a pink I've ever been that cold in
my life ever want to be that cool yes
what we're going to go out there warmers
I've got full footage right I broke my
freaking camera thingy look guys guys
crack the screen
oh well sit in Iceland remember guys
cameras are cool it still work
bread shelf really close you ready to go
out one more time when we were planning
to come to Iceland we were checking out
the weather and all the weather apps
said like 50 is 45 is the lead yeah 45
is loose and even everyone on the
interweb was like oh may june they see
this you'd agree gotta make you a
problem and it's like really cold right
now knowing it's snowing so we're like
trying to find another layer another
layer at leas I'm doing jackets and
stuff so those all over ice you would
think is not a lot of places open let's
go find another layer whether we're
going to do more exploring because we're
a new city
it's called Viki summer ticket or
[Music]
Chelsea's a sheep attached wiping it
good I don't think she would attack
someone and they're protective of their
baby like everything else I just want to
keep their baby she's trying to take a
picture to shoot the whole scared the
best purchase I have made this entire
trip Sam
I demanded look at those higher gloves
eyes look at this slide right here
Chelsea comes I was incredibly oh gosh
the very steep slide this is like really
steep oh my god you guys guys that slide
with Suzy hey we've only had hi I almost
killed myself see your children what
people shouldn't be allowed to go down
that
so just went up this like awesome hill
that has a lighthouse at the top and
stick us : where we are I just brought
one of my cameras and such a beautiful
hue and that I didn't bring everything
so now I'm going back up there with all
my cameras and
[Music]
this is insane
it's such a beautiful day today look at
that mom two tripods let's track
[Music]
that's a beautiful day we're not writing
jacket.you and we feel good I'm not
wearing my coat and it feels awesome
this is Dalton this is shameful they're
joining us Reykjavik and there's choppy
and this is our seed night and we were
walking to see the sunset at midnight I
mean like that it allows him to like
dream
better thanks with me little dreams and
realize crowned king in his beautiful
wife we don't like the little not from
to be so we never because every world is
waiting for us many things we needed by
the god richer and this is change we
don't even sleep in hotels women in pain
on the pain I want to go to London Tokyo
pass through your shut down Sydney spare
[Music]
London Tokyo fair
New Yorkers jumped in his bed
I want to go to Tokyo Paris we all start
out in this way and in Tokyo family gone
up a chance to return to the chance
right there in the middle things right
there in the middle of things with me
right there the middle of things you
okay
yes dressed up in the middle of things
right there in the middle of things with
me huh
right there the middle of things
[Music]
I could try to climb the jib judge how
pretty this is scream hi we are stuck in
snow and I don't even know what region
were like I think really 20 years so
from you we were trying to go to
waterfall but I was told by the other
people that we were going the completely
wrong way the corner of our 60 3.9 536
and then - 17.9 6 3 3 about his 12
kilometers
[Applause]
nothing is moving
are you watch I look at that news and
drive
we bridge single cartridge or before
that we're probably two differences do
and we turned left before we got to call
so so yeah we ya know by it was like a
farmhouse and then there was two like
half circle dome kilometers that way
past that okay
Thank You Caroline thank you so much
love you we are out alive guys Jack our
right leg helps us our driving got out
alive trying to make it to the airport
now
now it's rushing to the airport got to
get that into air for her we made it the
car made it out you just hop in
press some buttons and it got out of
them so now our next chance to get the
voice the airport on time let's do this
we made it to the airport in time okay
yeah we're alive we're gonna make it
there off to Italy bye guys have fun bye
bye James
bye super chill night and regular today
we did pretty much nothing
loco a 12-8 some delicious food and now
we get to see alt-j
[Music]
you mean
[Applause]
[Music]
I
you
fu-manchu
into this video congratulations Islip
still the state in one of the most epic
places I have ever visited I have some
really fun travel videos coming up for
y'all eyeballs I love your committee I
love having a little base but traveling
has been really close to my heart ever
since I graduated if you have checked
out the video description because you'll
have questions about Iceland let me know
I'll try to answer them in the comments
down below let me know you like to do
the subscribe button down below new
videos every week here on this channel
and remember stay PG okay
[Music]